What's the matter, Dr. Ai Wu?
My mother was
Did you invent a medical patent?
That's right, your mother is now a talented son-in-law
It is because of this patent
The Xiao family can only grow from an ordinary small family
Jump into still that mark
So the Su family
Ye family, you say
They all drink the blood of my Xiao family
To achieve today's achievements
Too many people had patented it.
Not long after your mother died
The medicinal wine has appeared again
The person behind it may just be the insurance you earn
But I've been looking for years
I didn't find out what this helper was
I see.
I'll let them eat it
Shrimp virus
This is 10% of Su Shi's shares
If you and Shuangshuang are well
He belongs to you.
Godmother thinks
The face of my Ye family is this thing
Brother Chen, what do you mean by that?
Plus you said at the night market
All shares are ok
What godmother shut up
This is your fault first
Just treat it as compensation for Nie Cheng
Still a godmother
Ye Chen
A man should know how to choose